# CGS3066-Final-Project-Write-Up

Kelly Curran
	For our final project, I was responsible for creating the foundation of the website. I created a folder containing the HTML files for our website along with any images I found online to implement into our image carousel. After creating these files, I inserted a style section to maintain a cohesive aesthetic for the website as well as making sure each webpage matched in format. After that, I ensured all web pages were linked together fluidly through our navigation menu. I also created the image carousel that is consistent throughout all 3 pages. After creating the layout for our website, I wrote out a short paragraph about our “restaurant” in the home page container. Lastly, I went ahead and created a database and table for our “restaurants” menu page which included the names of dishes offered at our establishment and their prices. 

Lauren Kitti
	For the final project I was responsible for the hours page of the website. I created a JavaScript script to check the hours of the website and it would display to the user whether the restaurant was open or closed. I inserted this code into the hours.html page and ensured the layout fit the page. Additionally, I worked on the design of the website, which involved the navigation bar set up as well as the layout of the content provided. We all had different inputs in regard the style of the website, but we decided to finalize the layout by using a Bootstrap template. 

Jeremiah Fries
	For the final project I was responsible for the font end design of the website using Twitter Bootstrap. Creating the format layout and using Bootstrap 5 components to create the site design and layout. I was also responsible for writing the php code that established a local connection to our database with a user account and password. I used php to dynamically fetch the MySQL data and update the menu table dynamically. I created the interface for adding new menu items to our database with a Bootstrap modal view with a form inside that allowed the authenticated user to insert new items into the menu table. To get this working I used the unorthodox method of running a php file in the browser with the the MAMP server configuration. I used a Bootstrap footer, and added a custom logo for the restaurant website. I ran the project locally and tested the functionality, successfully populating the menu on page load and allowing new meme entries.
